 Marek Judka
(224)-388-1565
judka.marek01@gmail.com

EDUCATION			
Moraine Valley Community College - Palos Park, IL
Associates in Science, December 2022

Lewis University - Romeoville, IL
Bachelors in Information Technology, expected December 2024

WORK EXPERIENCE										
CarMax Inventory Associate - Tinley Park, IL
March 2021 - May 2021
●	Inspecting vehicles to discover potential defects.
●	Assisting in the vehicle transportation process.
●	Helping customers navigate vehicle inventory.

Geek Squad Consultation and Repair Agent - Burbank, IL
May 2021 - November 2022
●	Installing software, modifying and repairing hardware and resolving technical issues.
●	Resolving clients’ issues in a clear, courteous, and straightforward manner.
●	Demonstrating professionalism and courtesy with clients at all times.
●	Identifying and solving technical issues with a variety of diagnostic tools.
●	Resolving problems with malfunctioning products.
●	Following up with clients to ensure optimal customer satisfaction.
●	Remaining up to date on latest technologies and solutions applicable to company products.
●	Researching, troubleshooting, and resolving complex problems independently. 

IT Support Analyst Intern Bosch - Oak Brook, IL
June 2022 - Current
●	Deploying and maintaining all user devices (laptops, desktops, phones, etc.).
●	Performing imaging and setups of laptops and desktops for end-users and new employees.
●	Performing testing and implementation of new technology.
●	Working and cooperating with other team members and management as required.
●	Providing support to business units to ensure smooth user experience with their devices.
●	Performing level 1-3 support for users who experienced hardware or software issues.
●	Working in a service management tool ticketing system to resolve user issues and document the process.
●	Learning and creating basic level automations through Microsoft Power Platform

SKILLS
●	Skilled multi-tasker
●	Analytical and critical thinking
●	Experience in Windows and Apple Products
●	Customer servicing skills
●	Troubleshooting skills
●	Intermediate Programming in C/C++/Java
